source/opensource.rst, before:

Open Source Contrubutions
=========================

Here's `my wishlist <http://www.amazon.co.jp/registry/wishlist/1P6IW44XCM1H2>`_ . Your donation with product name will motivate me for sure. See my `Github <https://github.com/kuenishi>`_ or `Bitbucket <https://bitbucket.org/kuenishi>`_ account for all personal software.

- `A small piece of my work <https://github.com/erlang/otp/commit/966e9e7ed0951db306c3c5dc4b1fd4c6eac25cf9>`_ is included in `Erlang/OTP 18.0 <http://www.erlang.org/download/otp_src_18.0.readme>`_ !

- `meddatum <https://github.com/kuenishi/meddatum>`_ (2013-) : A tool to import/search/handle medical record formats with Riak Search 2.
- `fluent-logger-erlang <https://github.com/fluent/fluent-logger-erlang>`_

- `Riak <https://github.com/basho/riak>`_ , `Riak CS <https://github.com/basho/riak_cs>`_ (2012-)

 - `fluent-plugin-riak <https://github.com/kuenishi/fluent-plugin-riak>`_
 - `presto-riak <https://github.com/kuenishi/presto-riak>`_ : A `PrestoDB <https://prestodb.io>`_ connector of Riak.

- `Jubatus <http://jubat.us>`_ (2009-2012)

 - Jubatus is a distributed online machine learning framework and library. Jubatus is a joint work of `Preferreed Infrastructure <http://preferred.jp>`_ and `NTT Information Sharing Platform Laboratory <http://www2.pflab.ecl.ntt.co.jp/>`_. I designed the architecture the "mix" - softly synchronizing data for parallel machine learning and the server framework to make it applicable to various machine learning algorithms.

 - Modified Python generation of `msgpack-idl <http://hackage.haskell.org/package/msgpack-idl>`_ to use in Jubatus
 - Added Erlang generation of `msgpack-idl <http://hackage.haskell.org/package/msgpack-idl>`_
 - A small patch sent to `msgpack-rpc-python <http://pypi.python.org/pypi/msgpack-rpc-python/>`_ to use in Jubatus

- `MessagePack (Erlang) <http://msgpack.org>`_ (2010-)

 - MessagePack is a binary-based efficient object serialization library. It enables to exchange structured objects between many languages like JSON. But unlike JSON, it is very fast and small. Participating as a committer of Erlang-binding of both MessagePack and MessagePack-RPC.
 - In 2012, MessagePack-RPC/Erlang are updated to `ranch <https://github.com/extend/ranch>`_ -based system from a system with its own transport layer.

- Yatce: yet another TokyoCabinet-Erlang binding (2009)

 - Erlang's built-in key/value storage system (dets) is very slow and its performance is bad. While TokyoCabinet is a blazingly-fast key/value storage system written in state-of-art C, Yatce connects it with Erlang. It is built into some proprietary software and being sold (Yatce itself is dual-licensed as LGPL/MIT).

- Mercurial Message Translation (2009)

 - Mercurial is a Python-based distributed version control software. My contribution was next to project leader, flying-foozy (Mr. Fujiwara) - Almost 200 messages.

- Japanese translation of *CouchDB: the Definitive Guide* (2009-2011)

 - As the book's script is open by CC-3.0 license, I started translation project with same licence. Many people participated on translation and finally got `finished <http://couchdb-jp.github.com/couchdb-guide/editions/1/ja/index.html>`_ (`the project page <https://github.com/couchdb-jp/couchdb-guide/>`_).

Commit message:

Add my bitcoin wallet at blockchain.info

source/opensource.rst, after:

Open Source Contrubutions
=========================

Here's `my wishlist in Amazon<http://www.amazon.co.jp/registry/wishlist/1P6IW44XCM1H2>`_ and my bitcoin wallet is `1Nk9j9PwVVDL5sud6B3WcusjkJv2UirEtg` . Your donation with product name will motivate me for sure. See my `Github <https://github.com/kuenishi>`_ or `Bitbucket <https://bitbucket.org/kuenishi>`_ account for all personal software.

- `A small piece of my work <https://github.com/erlang/otp/commit/966e9e7ed0951db306c3c5dc4b1fd4c6eac25cf9>`_ is included in `Erlang/OTP 18.0 <http://www.erlang.org/download/otp_src_18.0.readme>`_ !

- `meddatum <https://github.com/kuenishi/meddatum>`_ (2013-) : A tool to import/search/handle medical record formats with Riak Search 2.
- `fluent-logger-erlang <https://github.com/fluent/fluent-logger-erlang>`_

- `Riak <https://github.com/basho/riak>`_ , `Riak CS <https://github.com/basho/riak_cs>`_ (2012-)

 - `fluent-plugin-riak <https://github.com/kuenishi/fluent-plugin-riak>`_
 - `presto-riak <https://github.com/kuenishi/presto-riak>`_ : A `PrestoDB <https://prestodb.io>`_ connector of Riak.

- `Jubatus <http://jubat.us>`_ (2009-2012)

 - Jubatus is a distributed online machine learning framework and library. Jubatus is a joint work of `Preferreed Infrastructure <http://preferred.jp>`_ and `NTT Information Sharing Platform Laboratory <http://www2.pflab.ecl.ntt.co.jp/>`_. I designed the architecture the "mix" - softly synchronizing data for parallel machine learning and the server framework to make it applicable to various machine learning algorithms.

 - Modified Python generation of `msgpack-idl <http://hackage.haskell.org/package/msgpack-idl>`_ to use in Jubatus
 - Added Erlang generation of `msgpack-idl <http://hackage.haskell.org/package/msgpack-idl>`_
 - A small patch sent to `msgpack-rpc-python <http://pypi.python.org/pypi/msgpack-rpc-python/>`_ to use in Jubatus

- `MessagePack (Erlang) <http://msgpack.org>`_ (2010-)

 - MessagePack is a binary-based efficient object serialization library. It enables to exchange structured objects between many languages like JSON. But unlike JSON, it is very fast and small. Participating as a committer of Erlang-binding of both MessagePack and MessagePack-RPC.
 - In 2012, MessagePack-RPC/Erlang are updated to `ranch <https://github.com/extend/ranch>`_ -based system from a system with its own transport layer.

- Yatce: yet another TokyoCabinet-Erlang binding (2009)

 - Erlang's built-in key/value storage system (dets) is very slow and its performance is bad. While TokyoCabinet is a blazingly-fast key/value storage system written in state-of-art C, Yatce connects it with Erlang. It is built into some proprietary software and being sold (Yatce itself is dual-licensed as LGPL/MIT).

- Mercurial Message Translation (2009)

 - Mercurial is a Python-based distributed version control software. My contribution was next to project leader, flying-foozy (Mr. Fujiwara) - Almost 200 messages.

- Japanese translation of *CouchDB: the Definitive Guide* (2009-2011)

 - As the book's script is open by CC-3.0 license, I started translation project with same licence. Many people participated on translation and finally got `finished <http://couchdb-jp.github.com/couchdb-guide/editions/1/ja/index.html>`_ (`the project page <https://github.com/couchdb-jp/couchdb-guide/>`_).
